README.md, before:

# Tip-Smart - Smart Tip Calculator

### Tip Smart
A smart way to calculate your tip.
Based on my personal past tipping preference, the Tip smart has the following features

* Enter your bill to get the tip and total amount.  
* How was your service experience? Choose sad, meh and happy faces with default tips 15%, 18% and 20%.    
* The fourth question face is to add your custom tip.  
* Set the default service tip options and default service experience in the Settings page.  
* You can also round off your total bill to have that whole value in your credit card bills.  
* Split your bill with friends with a easy switch. 
* Split View has individual tip and individual total to make signing that final split check so easy.  
* Your last bill state is stored for 20 seconds for now.  
* Your total bill will show in your locale-specific currency. 


### Future Features
* Custom split defaults.  
* Custom time to store the last bill state.  
* Ability to easily share individual bills with friends through email and message.

### Installation & Testing Instructions
The app was developed for iPhone 5s. I did not set auto layouts or other size classes. 
I tested completely in portait mode.


======

This is a Tip Calculator application for iOS submitted as the [pre-assignment](https://gist.github.com/timothy1ee/7747214) requirement for CodePath.

Time spent: 10 hours

Completed:

* [x] Required: User can enter a bill amount, choose a tip percentage, and see the tip and total values.  
* [x] Required: Settings page to change the default tip percentage.  
* [x] Optional: UI animations  
* [x] Optional: Remembering the bill amount across app restarts (if <10mins)  
* [x] Optional: Using locale-specific currency and currency thousands separators.  
* [x] Optional: Making sure the keyboard is always visible and the bill amount is always the first responder. This way the user doesn't have to tap anywhere to use this app. Just launch the app and start typing.  

#### User Bill, Split Bill and Settings update
![Video Walkthrough required](https://github.com/vnu/Tip-Smart/blob/master/TipSmartDemo/TipSmart1.gif)

#### Locale update and stored state
![Video Walkthrough optional](https://github.com/vnu/Tip-Smart/blob/master/TipSmartDemo/TipSmart2.gif)

#### Whole app walkthrough
![Video Walkthrough whole](https://github.com/vnu/Tip-Smart/blob/master/TipSmartDemo/TipSmart3.gif)

GIF created with [LiceCap](http://www.cockos.com/licecap/).

Commit message:

Update README.md about the autolayout branch
Worked on the auto layout feature.

README.md, after:

# Tip-Smart - Smart Tip Calculator

### Tip Smart
A smart way to calculate your tip.
Based on my personal past tipping preference, the Tip smart has the following features

* Enter your bill to get the tip and total amount.  
* How was your service experience? Choose sad, meh and happy faces with default tips 15%, 18% and 20%.    
* The fourth question face is to add your custom tip.  
* Set the default service tip options and default service experience in the Settings page.  
* You can also round off your total bill to have that whole value in your credit card bills.  
* Split your bill with friends with a easy switch. 
* Split View has individual tip and individual total to make signing that final split check so easy.  
* Your last bill state is stored for 20 seconds for now.  
* Your total bill will show in your locale-specific currency. 


### Future Features
* Custom split defaults.  
* Custom time to store the last bill state.  
* Ability to easily share individual bills with friends through email and message.

### Installation & Testing Instructions
The app in the master branch was developed for iPhone 5s. I did not set auto layouts or other size classes. I tested completely in portait mode.  
However, I have another branch called autolayout that has the auto layout and uses size classes. Both the branches will not work in landscape mode. They work only with portait mode. I tested it through emulator and have been using my app on my iPhone 6 plus for all my tip Calculations :)


======

This is a Tip Calculator application for iOS submitted as the [pre-assignment](https://gist.github.com/timothy1ee/7747214) requirement for CodePath.

Time spent: 10 hours

Completed:

* [x] Required: User can enter a bill amount, choose a tip percentage, and see the tip and total values.  
* [x] Required: Settings page to change the default tip percentage.  
* [x] Optional: UI animations  
* [x] Optional: Remembering the bill amount across app restarts (if <10mins)  
* [x] Optional: Using locale-specific currency and currency thousands separators.  
* [x] Optional: Making sure the keyboard is always visible and the bill amount is always the first responder. This way the user doesn't have to tap anywhere to use this app. Just launch the app and start typing.  

#### User Bill, Split Bill and Settings update
![Video Walkthrough required](https://github.com/vnu/Tip-Smart/blob/master/TipSmartDemo/TipSmart1.gif)

#### Locale update and stored state
![Video Walkthrough optional](https://github.com/vnu/Tip-Smart/blob/master/TipSmartDemo/TipSmart2.gif)

#### Whole app walkthrough
![Video Walkthrough whole](https://github.com/vnu/Tip-Smart/blob/master/TipSmartDemo/TipSmart3.gif)

GIF created with [LiceCap](http://www.cockos.com/licecap/).
